he's not such a shy girl pop man prepare
to leave the house there you boys will
be involved in such activities as four
games ambush techniques is employ
stuffer I don't think I can do this
mas of course you can bounce to
imaginary friend come in so much trouble
growing up too fast ten-yard should be
celebrating war and talking politics I
wish more of our young boys had your
blind fanaticism
did you know juice can read each other's
might but how would you know who saw one
just like us you know what I am
sit thank you gesundheit that was
intense
what am I going to do no idea good house
and Blaine Winston Churchill wanna go
she ate I tell on you
they'll never win there's a strongest in
the world new mother took me in she's
kind she treats me like a person
you two seem to be getting on beds
it doesn't seem like a bad person
I'm the enemy
you're not a nut Jojo you're a ten year
old kid who likes dressing up in a
friend in uniform wants to be part of a
class
[Music]
Oh God nothing makes sense anymore yeah
I know it's definitely not a good time
to be a Nazi
[Music]